NMS-14721: Quick Start: Review entire quick start section when complete (#5488)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/notifications/concepts.adoc

> The default delay is zero seconds; this means all group members are notified at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default delay is zero seconds; this means that all group members are notified at the same time.
```

If you set a longer delay, group members will be notified in alphabetical order, based on their usernames.

> For example, defining a five minute delay will mean that when a notification is generated the first member of the group will be notified immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, defining a five minute delay will mean that when a notification is generated, the first member of the group is notified immediately.
```

> Subsequent members will then be notified in five-minute increments, from the top of the list of group members to the bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsequent members are then notified in five-minute increments, from the top of the list of group members to the bottom.
```
